README.md, before:

# Laravel Static


An extensible, eloquent way to manage static assets, such as javascript and stylesheets for your projects.

**This package is currently under active development.**

## Purpose

This package was developed out of a need to easily add static assets into your
blade files. While certain methods, such as stacks, already exists, the purpose
of this package is to make it so other packages can easily add their own assets, however those still require editing blade files and no dependency management. Laravel Static attempts to provide a solution for those requirements. Think of it as a way to easily supply javascript and css when you are making extensible projects utilizing things like Laravel Modules.

### Ready to learn more?

Well, check out the  [documentation  folder](./docs/index.md).

## Credits

- [Jamie Holly](https://github.com/HollyIT)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Add note on being archived

README.md, after:

# Laravel Static

This package has been archived and is now replaced by [hollyit/larave-static-libraries](https://github.com/HollyIT/laravel-static-libraries).


An extensible, eloquent way to manage static assets, such as javascript and stylesheets for your projects.

**This package is currently under active development.**

## Purpose

This package was developed out of a need to easily add static assets into your
blade files. While certain methods, such as stacks, already exists, the purpose
of this package is to make it so other packages can easily add their own assets, however those still require editing blade files and no dependency management. Laravel Static attempts to provide a solution for those requirements. Think of it as a way to easily supply javascript and css when you are making extensible projects utilizing things like Laravel Modules.

### Ready to learn more?

Well, check out the  [documentation  folder](./docs/index.md).

## Credits

- [Jamie Holly](https://github.com/HollyIT)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.
